Add new option 'base_path' (#26)
timvink/mkdocs-table-reader-plugin: docs/options.md

plugins:
  - table-reader:
      data_path: "docs"
      base_path: "config_dir"
```

#### `data_path`

Default is `.`, which means you can specify the path to your table files relative to the `base_path`, which defaults to the directory where your project's `mkdocs.yml` file is located. If you use a folder for all your table files you can shorten the path specification by setting `data_path`.

For example, if you set `data_path` to `docs/tables/` in the project below, you will be able to use <code>\{\{ read_csv("basic_table.csv") \}\}</code> instead of <code>\{\{ read_csv("docs/tables/basic_table.csv") \}\}</code> inside `index.md`.

```nohighlight
.
├── docs
│   ├── tables/
│   |   └── basic_table.csv
│   └── index.md
└── mkdocs.yml
```

#### `base_path`

> Either `docs_dir` or `config_dir`. Default is `config_dir`. This is the base path where `mkdocs-table-reader-plugin` will search for input files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base path where `mkdocs-table-reader-plugin` will search for input files.
The value is a string, one of `docs_dir` or `config_dir`. The default is `config_dir`. 
```

Reviewer: Just to clarify that the value for this param is one of the two choices listed.
